Cavite State University - Imus Campus is Located at Cavite Civic Center, Palico IV, Imus City, Cavite.
CvSU Vision is The Premier University in historic Cavite, globally recognized for excellence in character development, academics, research, innovation and sustainable community engagement.
CvSU Mission is Cavite State University shall provide excellent, equitable, and relevant educational opportunities in the arts, sciences and technology through quality instruction and responsive research and development activities. It shall produce professional, skilled, and morally upright individuals for global competitiveness.
The CvSU Core Values are Truth, Excellence, Service
The meaning behind the University Logo: The shape of the seal shall be square with one-third of its angles cut to form its base. It shall assume the shape of a space capsule. The dominant colors of the University Seal are green and gold. The words "Cavite State University", Cavite, Philippines, 1906"  are written in gold against a dark green background around the periphery of the seal. The University Seal, the CvSU Seal is composed of interactive elements that represent the vision, thrusts, and programs of the University. The book and the torch at the center of the seal symbolizes knowledge and wisdom. It also represents education, the humanities and other social science programs of the University. The coffee twig with ripe berries at the right hand side of the book with torch symbolizes the major agricultural thrusts of the Province of Cavite. It also represents the agriculture and related programs of the University. The atomic structure at the left hand side of the book represents the science programs, and more importantly, the scientific research undertakings of the University. The gear at the bottom of the book with the torch symbolizes engineering and technology programs of the University. The University Seal, the figure 1906 written in gold against a dark green background placed below, was the year CvSU had its humble beginnings as an intermediate school established in Indang, Cavite. The background for all elements is light green. The trilogy of functions of the University, which is instruction, research and extension, are symbolized by the overall triangular shape of the seal. The flame of the torch is designed as "CvSU '' which is an acronym of the Cavite State University. The Flame symbolizes the enduring and everlasting flame that will guide the University.
The current Campus Administrator of CvSU - Imus Campus is Dr. Jenny Beb F. Espineli.
The contact or email address of the Office of the Campus Administrator is cvsuimus@cvsu.edu.ph
The Campus Administrator Office is located in the New Building, 1st floor.
The contact of the Human Resource Development Office or HR is hrdoimus@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Registrar's Office is imus.registrar@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Office of Student Affairs and Services or OSAS is cvsuimus.osas@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the admission office is cvsuimus.admissions@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department of Management - Business Management Cluster or Business Management is imus.mngt@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department of Management - Office Administration Cluster or Office Administration or Office Ad is imus.ofad@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department Of Computer Studies (DCS) is imus.dcs@cvsu.edu.ph
DCS stands for Department of Computer Studies, they can be reached out through their email address imus.dcs@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department Of Hospitality Management or DHM is imus.dhm@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department Of Social Science And Humanities or DSSH is imus.dssh@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Teacher Education Department or  Education Dept is imus.ted@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department Of Entrepreneurship or Entrep Department is imus.dent@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department Of Languages And Mass Communication or DLMC is imus.dlmc@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department of Physical Education or PE Dept is imus.dpe@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Department of Biological And Physical Sciences or DBPS is imus.dbps@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Management Information System Office or MIS is cvsuimus.miso@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Campus Library or the contact of the Librarian is cvsuimuslibrary@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Research Office or the Research Coordinator is cvsuimus.research@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Extension Office or to contact the Extension officer is cvsuimus.extension@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Guidance Office is cvsuimus.guidance@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Cashier and Accounting Office or Accounting Officer is cvsuimus.accounting@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Health Services Unit / Clinic or to contact the campus nurse is cvsuimus.clinic@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Property and Supplies Office or the Supplies Officer is cvsuimus.supplies@cvsu.edu.ph
To buy a uniform and PE uniform, you can inquire at the Property and Supply Office and then you can fit a uniform on the 2nd floor in front of the Student Center and purchase at the Property and Supplies office located at the Old Building 1st Floor.
Transaction or fitting of School Uniform is every Monday-Thursday, 8:00 am-3:00 pm at Old building, 2nd floor, In front of the Student Center. Purchasing/Selling of School Uniforms is every Monday-Wednesday, 8:00 am-12 noon at Old building, 1st floor, Property and Supply Office.
You can buy a uniform and PE uniform at the Old building, 1st floor, Property and Supply Office.
Civil Security Office        
The contact or email address of the Security head is imus.civilsecurity@cvsu.edu.ph
If you do not already have an ID, you may print and bring your registration form together with a 1x1 or 2x2 picture attached.
The contact or email address of the Scholarship Coordinator is imus.scholarship@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Gender and Development Office or the GAD Officer is imus.gad@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Institutional Development Office or the Institutional Development Officer is cvsuimus.ido@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Job Placement Coordinator or the Job Placement Officer is imus.jobplacement@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the OJT Coordinator or t the OJT Coordinator is imus.ojt@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Campus Budget Officer or the Campus Budget Officer is imus.budget@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the NSTP Coordinator is imus.nstp@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Student Development Services Coordinator or the SDS Coordinator is imus.sds@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Records Office or the Records Officer is imus.records@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Instructional Materials Development Coordinator or the IMD Coordinator imus.imdu@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Knowledge Management Center Coordinator        or the KMC Coordinator is imus.kmc@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Campus Alumni Coordinator is imus.alumni@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Campus Liaison Officer is imus.liaison@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Campus Inspector is imus.inspector@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Sports Coordinator is imus.sports@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Discipline Officer is imus.discipline@cvsu.edu.ph
The contact or email address of the Campus Disaster Risk Reduction and Management or the campus emergency coordinator is imus.drrm@cvsu.edu.ph
All classes in first semester in academic year 2023-2024 will begin in September. 25, 2023 (Monday).
The final examination for first semester in academic year 2023-2024 for graduating students is from January 22-27, 2024.
The final examination for first semester in academic year 2023-2024 for non-graduating students is from January 29 to February 3, 2024.
The semestral break for academic year 2023-2024 will start in February 5 until February 26, 2024.
CvSU Imus Campus offers undergraduate programs such as Bachelor Of Arts In Journalism, Bachelor Of Early Childhood Education, Bachelor Of Elementary Education, Bachelor Of Science In Business Management, Bachelor Of Science In Computer Science, Bachelor Of Science In Entrepreneurship, Bachelor Of Science In Hospitality Management, Bachelor Of Science In Information Technology, Bachelor Of Science In Office Administration, Bachelor Of Science In Psychology, Bachelor Of Secondary Education, and offers a non-degree program(s) the Teacher Certificate Program.
If you want to know more about the CvSU-Imus campus map, you can find the MAPA-BAYANI Corner located in front of the Old Building. It helps the students to know the location of each room on the campus.
The History of Cavite State University of CvSU: The Cavite State University (CvSU) has its humble beginnings in 1906 as the Indang Intermediate School with the American Thomasites as the first teachers. Several transformations in the name of the school took place; Indang Farm School in 1918, Indang Rural High School in 1927, and Don Severino National Agriculture School in 1958. In 1964, the school was converted into a State College by virtue of Republic Act 3917 and became known as Don Severino Agricultural College (DSAC). On January 22, 1998, by virtue of Republic Act No.8468, DSAC was converted into Cavite State University. In 2001, Cavite College of Fisheries (CACOF) in Naic, Cavite and Cavite College of Arts and Trade (CCAT) in Rosario, Cavite, were integrated into the University by virtue of CHED Memo No. 27 s. 2000. Since then, additional campuses in the province were established through memoranda of agreement with the LGUs. At present, CvSU has 11 campuses in the province. The main campus, approximately 70 hectares in land area and named as Don Severino delas Alas Campus, is in Indang, Cavite. CvSU is mandated “to provide excellent, equitable and relevant educational opportunities in the arts, sciences and technology through quality instruction, and responsive research and development activities. It shall produce professional, skilled and morally upright individuals for global competitiveness.” The University is offering close to 100 curricular programs in the undergraduate and graduate levels. It has more than 25,000 students and 1,200 faculty and staff from all campuses. The University is also authorized to certify and confer appropriate academic degrees in accordance with the Expanded Tertiary Education and Accreditation Program (ETEEAP). It has been accredited by TESDA as Trade and Testing Venue, and designated by the Department of Agriculture as the National Center for Research and Development for Coffee and Urban Agriculture. It also hosts the Southern Tagalog Agriculture Research and Development Consortium (STARDEC), the Affiliated Renewable Energy Center for Region IV-A, and the Regional ICT Center for Region IV-A. CvSU adheres to its commitment to Truth, Excellence and Service as it aims to be the “premier University in historic Cavite recognized for excellence in the development of globally competitive and morally upright individuals”
On January 22, 1998 by virtue of Republic Act 8468, the Don Severino Agricultural College was converted into a state university and named Cavite State University (CvSU).
The Cavite State University (CvSU) has been known as the country’s leading institution on coffee research, development, and extension (RDE) since 2004. It started when the Department of Agriculture-Bureau of Agricultural Research (DA-BAR) designated CvSU to lead the First National Integrated Research, Development, and Extension Program for coffee in 1999-2001 in virtue of the initiative under the Agriculture and Fisheries Modernization Act (AFMA) of 1997, which was generally aimed to uplift the Philippine Agriculture and the coffee industry. The establishment of the National Coffee Research, Development, and Extension Center (NCRDEC) in 2005, strengthened the hold of the University of being the national leader for coffee RDE and innovation.
The Extension Services is a partner in the delivery of CvSU's research-based knowledge in a usable form to groups, families, and individuals in local communities. Extension personnel provide an important bridge between university researchers and community knowledge users.
Our emphasis is on creative solutions and methodologies of quality program delivery by faculty and staff. The Extension Services is uniquely positioned to demonstrate the relevance of extension activities to prepare students, clientele, and communities for the challenges of the new century. The Extension Services ascribes to values that help define its character and serve as a foundation for establishing goals and making strategic decisions. The vision of Extension Services is to alleviate the Standard of living of the economically disadvantaged sectors in the Province of Cavite. The mission is to assist in the improvement of the quality of life of families in its service areas through relevant and sustainable development projects; packaging information materials for various clientele groups; and coordinating appropriate training programs for rural and urban teachers, local government employees, agrarian reform beneficiaries, farmers/fishermen, women, out-of school youths and other clients. The goal is to have unified, coordinated, participatory, responsive, and relevant extension and development programs within the university and its service areas. The objectives is to establish and maintain on-campus and off-campus demonstration projects showcasing various appropriate technologies, to disseminate through tri-media the needed technology/ information relevant to the improvement of farming and rural/ urban living, to coordinate training and monitor the extension activities of various colleges and branch campuses of the University, to collaborate and establish linkages with government and private agencies engaged in extension and rural/ urban development in the pursuit of common goals and objectives; and to generate income from established projects and from other resource generation activities.
You can buy or purchase the official lanyard at the CSG Office, Old Building, 2nd floor at the Student Center.
You can go to your student portal by visiting cvsu-imus.edu.ph/student-portal/. You can see the scheduling of appointments for Identification Cards. If scheduled appointments are not available in the student portal, you can go directly to the MIS Office.
You can go to your student portal by visiting cvsu-imus.edu.ph/student-portal/. You can see the adding/changing of subjects/schedules. You can click on that to view the guidelines on how you can add and change your subjects or schedules.
Log in to your portal and go to the Enrolled Subjects section of the student portal and you can download your registration form from the first year-fourth year, 1st sem to 2nd sem.
You need to go to the Library located at the Old Building, Second Floor, and then fill out the registration form given by the Library personnel, bring a 1x1 ID picture and you need to have your enrolled registration form whether it is digital or printed. If you misplace your library card, a fee of P20.00 is charged for the replacement of the lost borrower’s card.
Office hours of all the departments and offices are from Monday - Thursday: 07:00 AM - 06:00 PM.